c:\users\mustafa.fahmy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CheckOutSystem\CheckOutSystem\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\CheckOutSystem.deps.json
c:\users\mustafa.fahmy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CheckOutSystem\CheckOutSystem\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\CheckOutSystem.runtimeconfig.json
c:\users\mustafa.fahmy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CheckOutSystem\CheckOutSystem\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\CheckOutSystem.runtimeconfig.dev.json
c:\users\mustafa.fahmy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CheckOutSystem\CheckOutSystem\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\CheckOutSystem.dll
c:\users\mustafa.fahmy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CheckOutSystem\CheckOutSystem\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\CheckOutSystem.csprojAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\mustafa.fahmy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CheckOutSystem\CheckOutSystem\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\CheckOutSystem.csproj.CoreCompileInputs.cache
c:\users\mustafa.fahmy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CheckOutSystem\CheckOutSystem\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\CheckOutSystem.AssemblyInfoInputs.cache
c:\users\mustafa.fahmy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CheckOutSystem\CheckOutSystem\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\CheckOutSystem.AssemblyInfo.cs
c:\users\mustafa.fahmy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CheckOutSystem\CheckOutSystem\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\CheckOutSystem.pdb
c:\users\mustafa.fahmy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CheckOutSystem\CheckOutSystem\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\CheckOutSystem.csproj.CopyComplete
c:\users\mustafa.fahmy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CheckOutSystem\CheckOutSystem\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\CheckOutSystem.dll
c:\users\mustafa.fahmy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CheckOutSystem\CheckOutSystem\obj\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\CheckOutSystem.pdb
c:\users\mustafa.fahmy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CheckOutSystem\CheckOutSystem\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\CheckOutSystem.JsonReader.dll
c:\users\mustafa.fahmy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CheckOutSystem\CheckOutSystem\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\CheckOutSystem.Service.dll
c:\users\mustafa.fahmy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CheckOutSystem\CheckOutSystem\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\CheckOutSystem.JsonReader.pdb
c:\users\mustafa.fahmy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CheckOutSystem\CheckOutSystem\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\CheckOutSystem.Service.pdb
c:\users\mustafa.fahmy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CheckOutSystem\CheckOutSystem\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Discounts.json
c:\users\mustafa.fahmy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CheckOutSystem\CheckOutSystem\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Offers.json
c:\users\mustafa.fahmy\documents\visual studio 2017\Projects\CheckOutSystem\CheckOutSystem\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\Products.json
C:\Users\mustafa.fahmy\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CheckOutSystem\CheckOutSystem\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\CheckOutSystem.Business.dll
C:\Users\mustafa.fahmy\Documents\Visual Studio 2017\Projects\CheckOutSystem\CheckOutSystem\bin\Debug\netcoreapp2.0\CheckOutSystem.Business.pdb
